dehydration is affecting my coordination
I should drink but there's a problem
with my remaining water this water in
this bag has been here so long and it's
been so hot it just tastes so rancid I'm
thirsty but it's almost under incal
drinking bad water will make me ill and
vomiting or diarrhea and the resulting
fluid loss could be a dessins so i need
to purify what little liquid remains in
an environment where water is scarce and
sources often questionable boiling it is
always the smartest course of action and
the Berber nomads go further adding
meant to make a tea with antibacterial
properties
that's a refreshing pick me up while the
fire coals are still hot
I'll cook the last of my food supplies
these beetles you smell them in the
emitter toxic noxious smell it's almost
like creosote you're definitely gonna
pack a punch when they're done but
roasting them a little bit makes them
taste a lot better
sorry buddy OMG that's for sure
definitely popcorn with a little bit of
gasoline but they're not that back kinda
nice actually
alright it was a very needed break